Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became
Zedekiah was 21 years old when he became King and he reigned 11 years in
King and he reigned 11 years in
King and he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was him util
Jerusalem his mother's name was him util
Jerusalem his mother's name was him util the daughter of Jeremiah of Lebanon he
the daughter of Jeremiah of Lebanon he
the daughter of Jeremiah of Lebanon he also did evil in the sight of the Lord
also did evil in the sight of the Lord
also did evil in the sight of the Lord according to all that Jehoiakim had done
according to all that Jehoiakim had done
according to all that Jehoiakim had done for because of the anger of the Lord
for because of the anger of the Lord
for because of the anger of the Lord this happened in Jerusalem and Judah
this happened in Jerusalem and Judah
this happened in Jerusalem and Judah till he finally cast them out from his
till he finally cast them out from his
till he finally cast them out from his presence then said Akaya rebelled
presence then said Akaya rebelled
presence then said Akaya rebelled against the king of Babylon now it came
against the king of Babylon now it came
against the king of Babylon now it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign
to pass in the ninth year of his reign
to pass in the ninth year of his reign in the tenth month on the tenth day of
in the tenth month on the tenth day of
in the tenth month on the tenth day of the month that Nebuchadnezzar king of
the month that Nebuchadnezzar king of
the month that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all his army came against
Babylon and all his army came against
Babylon and all his army came against Jerusalem and encamped against it and
Jerusalem and encamped against it and
Jerusalem and encamped against it and they built a siege wall against it all
they built a siege wall against it all
they built a siege wall against it all around so the city was besieged until
around so the city was besieged until
around so the city was besieged until the eleventh year of King Zedekiah by
the eleventh year of King Zedekiah by
the eleventh year of King Zedekiah by the 4th month on the ninth day of the
the 4th month on the ninth day of the
the 4th month on the ninth day of the month the famine had become so severe in
month the famine had become so severe in
month the famine had become so severe in the city that there was no food for the
the city that there was no food for the
the city that there was no food for the people of the land then the city wall
people of the land then the city wall
people of the land then the city wall was broken through and all the men of
was broken through and all the men of
was broken through and all the men of war fled and went out of the city at
war fled and went out of the city at
war fled and went out of the city at night by way of the gate between the two
night by way of the gate between the two
night by way of the gate between the two walls which was by the Kings garden even
walls which was by the Kings garden even
walls which was by the Kings garden even though the Chaldeans were near the city
though the Chaldeans were near the city
though the Chaldeans were near the city all around and they went by way of the
all around and they went by way of the
all around and they went by way of the plain but the army of the Chaldeans
plain but the army of the Chaldeans
plain but the army of the Chaldeans pursued the king and they overtook
pursued the king and they overtook
pursued the king and they overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho all
Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho all
Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho all his army was scattered from him so they
his army was scattered from him so they
his army was scattered from him so they took the king and brought him up to the
took the king and brought him up to the
took the king and brought him up to the king of Babylon a tribler in the land of
king of Babylon a tribler in the land of
king of Babylon a tribler in the land of hamath and he pronounced judgment on him
hamath and he pronounced judgment on him
hamath and he pronounced judgment on him then the king of Babylon killed the sons
then the king of Babylon killed the sons
then the king of Babylon killed the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes
of Zedekiah before his eyes
of Zedekiah before his eyes and he killed all the princes of Judah
and he killed all the princes of Judah
and he killed all the princes of Judah in riddler he also put out the eyes of
in riddler he also put out the eyes of
in riddler he also put out the eyes of Zedekiah and the king of Babylon bound
Zedekiah and the king of Babylon bound
Zedekiah and the king of Babylon bound him in bronze fetters took him to
him in bronze fetters took him to
him in bronze fetters took him to Babylon and put him in prison till the
Babylon and put him in prison till the
Babylon and put him in prison till the day of his death
day of his death
day of his death now in the fifth month on the tenth day
now in the fifth month on the tenth day
now in the fifth month on the tenth day of the month which was the 19th year of
of the month which was the 19th year of
of the month which was the 19th year of King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon neighbors arrayed the captain of the
neighbors arrayed the captain of the
neighbors arrayed the captain of the guard who served the king of Babylon
guard who served the king of Babylon
guard who served the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem he burned the house of
came to Jerusalem he burned the house of
came to Jerusalem he burned the house of the Lord and the King's house all the
the Lord and the King's house all the
the Lord and the King's house all the houses of Jerusalem that is all the
houses of Jerusalem that is all the
houses of Jerusalem that is all the houses of the great he burned with fire
houses of the great he burned with fire
houses of the great he burned with fire and all the army of the Chaldeans who
and all the army of the Chaldeans who
and all the army of the Chaldeans who were with the captain of the guard broke
were with the captain of the guard broke
were with the captain of the guard broke down all the walls of Jerusalem all
down all the walls of Jerusalem all
down all the walls of Jerusalem all around then never the Radin the captain
around then never the Radin the captain
around then never the Radin the captain of the guard carried away captive some
of the guard carried away captive some
of the guard carried away captive some of the poor people the rest of the
of the poor people the rest of the
of the poor people the rest of the people who remained in the city the
people who remained in the city the
people who remained in the city the defectors who were deserted to the king
defectors who were deserted to the king
defectors who were deserted to the king of Babylon and the rest of the craftsmen
of Babylon and the rest of the craftsmen
of Babylon and the rest of the craftsmen but never Tsar Aidan the captain of the
but never Tsar Aidan the captain of the
but never Tsar Aidan the captain of the guard left some of the poor of the land
guard left some of the poor of the land
guard left some of the poor of the land as vine dresses and farmers the bronze
as vine dresses and farmers the bronze
as vine dresses and farmers the bronze pillars that were in the house of the
pillars that were in the house of the
pillars that were in the house of the Lord and the carts and the bronze see
Lord and the carts and the bronze see
Lord and the carts and the bronze see that were in the house of the Lord the
that were in the house of the Lord the
that were in the house of the Lord the Chaldeans
Chaldeans
Chaldeans broke in pieces and carried all their
broke in pieces and carried all their
broke in pieces and carried all their bronze to Babylon they also took away
bronze to Babylon they also took away
bronze to Babylon they also took away the pots the shovels the trimmers the
the pots the shovels the trimmers the
the pots the shovels the trimmers the bowls the spoons and all the bronze
bowls the spoons and all the bronze
bowls the spoons and all the bronze utensils with which the priests
utensils with which the priests
utensils with which the priests ministered the basin's the fire pans the
ministered the basin's the fire pans the
ministered the basin's the fire pans the bowls the pots the lampstands the spoons
bowls the pots the lampstands the spoons
bowls the pots the lampstands the spoons and the cups whatever was solid gold and
and the cups whatever was solid gold and
and the cups whatever was solid gold and whatever was solid silver
whatever was solid silver
whatever was solid silver the captain of the guard took away the
the captain of the guard took away the
the captain of the guard took away the two pillars one see the 12 bronze bulls
two pillars one see the 12 bronze bulls
two pillars one see the 12 bronze bulls which were under it and the cats which
which were under it and the cats which
which were under it and the cats which King Solomon had made for the house of
King Solomon had made for the house of
King Solomon had made for the house of the Lord the bronze of all these
the Lord the bronze of all these
the Lord the bronze of all these articles was beyond measure now
articles was beyond measure now
articles was beyond measure now concerning the pillars the height of one
concerning the pillars the height of one
concerning the pillars the height of one pillar was 18 cubits a measuring line of
pillar was 18 cubits a measuring line of
pillar was 18 cubits a measuring line of 12 cubits could measure its
12 cubits could measure its
12 cubits could measure its circumference and its thickness was 4
circumference and its thickness was 4
circumference and its thickness was 4 fingers it was hollow a capital of
fingers it was hollow a capital of
fingers it was hollow a capital of bronze was on it and the height of one
bronze was on it and the height of one
bronze was on it and the height of one capital was five cubits with a network
capital was five cubits with a network
capital was five cubits with a network and pomegranates all around the Capitol
and pomegranates all around the Capitol
and pomegranates all around the Capitol all of bronze the second pillar with
all of bronze the second pillar with
all of bronze the second pillar with pomegranates was the same there were 96
pomegranates was the same there were 96
pomegranates was the same there were 96 pomegranates on the sides all the
pomegranates on the sides all the
pomegranates on the sides all the pomegranates all around on the network
pomegranates all around on the network
pomegranates all around on the network were 100 the captain of the guard took
were 100 the captain of the guard took
were 100 the captain of the guard took Surya the chief priest Zephaniah the
Surya the chief priest Zephaniah the
Surya the chief priest Zephaniah the second priest and the three doorkeepers
second priest and the three doorkeepers
second priest and the three doorkeepers he also took out of the city an officer
he also took out of the city an officer
he also took out of the city an officer who had charge of the man-of-war seven
who had charge of the man-of-war seven
who had charge of the man-of-war seven men of the king's close associates who
men of the king's close associates who
men of the king's close associates who were found in the city the principal
were found in the city the principal
were found in the city the principal scribe of the army who mustered the
scribe of the army who mustered the
scribe of the army who mustered the people of the land and sixty men of the
people of the land and sixty men of the
people of the land and sixty men of the people of the land who were found in the
people of the land who were found in the
people of the land who were found in the midst of the city and never sir Aidan
midst of the city and never sir Aidan
midst of the city and never sir Aidan the captain of the guard took these and
the captain of the guard took these and
the captain of the guard took these and brought them to the king of Babylon a
brought them to the king of Babylon a
brought them to the king of Babylon a tribler
tribler
tribler then the king of Babylon struck them and
then the king of Babylon struck them and
then the king of Babylon struck them and put them to death at Wrigley in the land
put them to death at Wrigley in the land
put them to death at Wrigley in the land of Hamas thus Judah was carried away
of Hamas thus Judah was carried away
of Hamas thus Judah was carried away captive from its own land these are the
captive from its own land these are the
captive from its own land these are the people whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away
people whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away
people whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away captive in the seventh year 3020 three
captive in the seventh year 3020 three
captive in the seventh year 3020 three Jews in the 18th year of Nebuchadnezzar
Jews in the 18th year of Nebuchadnezzar
Jews in the 18th year of Nebuchadnezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem
he carried away captive from Jerusalem
he carried away captive from Jerusalem 832 persons in the 23rd year of
832 persons in the 23rd year of
832 persons in the 23rd year of Nebuchadnezzar Nevers are Rayden the
Nebuchadnezzar Nevers are Rayden the
Nebuchadnezzar Nevers are Rayden the captain of the guard carried away
captain of the guard carried away
captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews 745 persons all the
captive of the Jews 745 persons all the
captive of the Jews 745 persons all the persons were 4,600 now it came to pass
persons were 4,600 now it came to pass
persons were 4,600 now it came to pass in the 37th year of the captivity of
in the 37th year of the captivity of
in the 37th year of the captivity of Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th
Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th
Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th month on the 25th day of the month that
month on the 25th day of the month that
month on the 25th day of the month that evil Marauder
evil Marauder
evil Marauder king of Babylon in the first year of his
king of Babylon in the first year of his
king of Babylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jahi akin
reign lifted up the head of Jahi akin
reign lifted up the head of Jahi akin king of Judah and brought him out of
king of Judah and brought him out of
king of Judah and brought him out of prison and he spoke kindly to him
prison and he spoke kindly to him
prison and he spoke kindly to him and gave him a more prominent seat than
and gave him a more prominent seat than
and gave him a more prominent seat than those of the Kings who were with him in
those of the Kings who were with him in
those of the Kings who were with him in Babylon so Joe koyukon changed from his
Babylon so Joe koyukon changed from his
Babylon so Joe koyukon changed from his prison garments and he ate bread
prison garments and he ate bread
prison garments and he ate bread regularly before the king all the days
regularly before the king all the days
regularly before the king all the days of his life and as for his provisions
of his life and as for his provisions
of his life and as for his provisions there was a regular ration given him by
there was a regular ration given him by
there was a regular ration given him by the king of Babylon a portion for each
the king of Babylon a portion for each
the king of Babylon a portion for each day until the day of his death all the
day until the day of his death all the
day until the day of his death all the days of his life
days of his life
days of his life [Music]